#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
boto3==1.34.145
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-aws
botocore==1.34.145
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.2.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-aws==0.1.11
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-aws
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
langchain-text-splitters==0.2.2
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.1.9
    # via -r requirements.in
langsmith==0.1.92
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
marshmallow==3.21.3
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-aws
    #   langchain-community
    #   pandas
orjson==3.10.6
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
pandas==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via pydantic
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   pandas
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
s3transfer==0.10.2
    # via boto3
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
sqlalchemy==2.0.31
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
